feat(query-core): Expose retry error as `failureReason` (#4315)
TanStack/query: docs/reference/useMutation.md

  - The error object for the query, if an error was encountered.
- `reset: () => void`
  - A function to clean the mutation internal state (i.e., it resets the mutation to its initial state).

> - `failureCount: number`
>   - The failure count for the query.
>   - Incremented every time the query fails.
> - `failureReason: null | TError`
>   - The failure reason for the query retry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `failureCount: number`
  - The failure count for the mutation.
  - Incremented every time the mutation fails.
  - Reset to `0` when the mutation succeeds.
- `failureReason: null | TError`
  - The failure reason for the mutation retry.
  - Reset to `null` when the mutation succeeds.
```
